Update Errors.md (#815)
wix-incubator/wix-rest-docs: guides/Errors.md

# Errors
Error messages are a fundamental component of Wix's APIs, providing critical information and guidance when something goes wrong. 
Most of Wix's errors follow a standardized format, as described below.

## Error properties
| Property | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  

> | Status code | See the HTTP status code table below. |

Reviewer: Thinking ahead...Is this not a property in a JSON or something like that when returned by the SDK? `code` or something like that?

Author: ooh, good point, I'm not sure what errors look like in the SDK. I'll check
(but in the meantime, I'll merge this to the REST ref as is)

| HTTP Status Code | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| 200 - OK | Success. |
| 400 - Bad Request | One or more request parameters is wrong or missing, or you didn't pass validation. |
| 401 - Unauthorized | The system wasn't able to authenticate you (missing or incorrect Authorization header, expired token, etc.). |
| 403 - Permission denied | The system authenticated you, but you don’t have permissions to call this API. |
| 404 - Not found | Resource not found / doesn't exist. |
| 409 - Conflict | The resource you are attempting to create already exists. |
| 429 - Resource exhausted | Resource usage was exhausted (e.g., a previously used one-time-token, or too many requests). |
| 500 - Internal server error | An error occurred on Wix's server. Try again later. |
| 501 - Not implemented | The endpoint hasn't been implemented yet. |
| 503 - Service unavailable | The service that you’re trying to access is temporarily unavailable. Try again later. |
| 504 - Gateway timeout | The underlying service didn't respond in a timely manner. Try again later. |

## Validation error data

> A validation error occurs when input data fails to meet predefined criteria or constraints set by the system. This type of error serves to enforce rules such as correct data formats, required fields, or value ranges. This will include rules like `OUT_OF_RANGE` and `INVALID_ARGUMENT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A validation error occurs when input data fails to meet predefined criteria or constraints set by the system. This type of error serves to enforce rules such as correct data formats, required fields, or value ranges. This includes rules like `OUT_OF_RANGE` and `INVALID_ARGUMENT`.
```

| Property | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `fieldViolations` | Array of validation issues found in individual fields. |
| `fieldViolations.field` | Field name. |
| `fieldViolations.description` | Detailed explanation of why the error occurred for the specified field. |
| `fieldViolations.violatedRule` | Specific rule or constraint that was violated by the input in the identified field. |

> | `fieldViolations.ruleName` | Name of specific rule or constraint that was violated. For example, `"VALIDATION_ERROR"`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fieldViolations.ruleName` | Name of specific rule or constraint that was violated. For example, `"VALIDATION_ERROR"`.  |
```

| `fieldViolations.data` | Additional contextual information related to the field violation.  |

### Example
```json
{
  "message": "Not really valid",
  "details": {
    "validationError": {
      "fieldViolations": [
        {
          "field": "fieldA",

>           "description": "invalid music note. supported notes: [do,re,mi,fa,sol,la,ti]",

Reviewer: Maybe capitalize the beginning of all these descriptions as you have in the other examples.

Author: ```suggestion
          "description": "Invalid music note. Supported notes: [do,re,mi,fa,sol,la,ti]",
```

          "violatedRule": "CUSTOM",
          "ruleName": "INVALID_NOTE",
          "data": {
            "value": "FI"
          }
        },
        {
          "field": "fieldB",
          "description": "field value out of range. supported range: [0-20]",
          "violatedRule": "MAX",
          "data": {
            "threshold": 20
          }
        },
        {
          "field": "fieldC",
          "description": "invalid phone number. provide a valid phone number of size: [7-12], supported characters: [0-9, +, -, (, )]",
          "violatedRule": "FORMAT",
          "data": {
            "expected": "PHONE"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

## Application error data

> An application error occurs when the service business-logic decides to reject the request. This will include codes like `UNAUTHENTICATED`, `PERMISSION_DENIED`, `NOT_FOUND`, `ALREADY_EXISTS`, `ABORTED` and `RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application error occurs when the service business-logic decides to reject the request. This includes codes like `UNAUTHENTICATED`, `PERMISSION_DENIED`, `NOT_FOUND`, `ALREADY_EXISTS`, `ABORTED` and `RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED`.
```

| Property | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |    
| `code` | Identifier that categorizes and signifies the specific error. |
| `description` | Detailed explanation of why the error occurred. |
| `data` | Additional contextual information related to the error. |

### Examples
```json
{
  "message": "Payment failed",
  "details": {
    "applicationError": {
      "code": "NO_FUNDS",
      "description": "Payment declined due to insufficient funds",
      "data": {
        "availableFunds": 75.22
      }
    }
  }
}
```
```json
{
 "message": "Duplicate contact exists",
 "details": {
   "applicationError": {
     "code": "DUPLICATE_CONTACT_EXIST",
     "description": "Duplicate contact already exists",
     "data": {
       "duplicateContactId":"ca22360e-7f58-4613-bae6-a537f2791f84"
     }
   }
 }
}
```
## System errors

> A system error occurs there's an exeption in the system, server is down, or some dependent service or database is down.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A system error occurs when there's an exception in the system, server is down, or some dependent service or database is down.  
```

| 501 - Not implemented | The endpoint hasn't been implemented yet. |
| 503 - Service unavailable | The service that you’re trying to access is temporarily unavailable. Try again later. |
| 504 - Gateway timeout | The underlying service didn't respond in a timely manner. Try again later. |

## Validation error data
A validation error occurs when input data fails to meet predefined criteria or constraints set by the system. This type of error serves to enforce rules such as correct data formats, required fields, or value ranges. This will include rules like `OUT_OF_RANGE` and `INVALID_ARGUMENT`.

| Property | Description | 
| :-------------- | :------- |  
| `fieldViolations` | Array of validation issues found in individual fields. |
| `fieldViolations.field` | Field name. |
| `fieldViolations.description` | Detailed explanation of why the error occurred for the specified field. |
| `fieldViolations.violatedRule` | Specific rule or constraint that was violated by the input in the identified field. |

> | `fieldViolations.ruleName` | Name of specific rule or constraint that was violated. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `fieldViolations.ruleName` | Name of specific rule or constraint that was violated. For example, `"VALIDATION_ERROR"`  |
```
